# v0.6.0

## 🌟 New Features

### Export-Plug-ins

Bonsai Writer's export capabilities can now be extended using plug-ins. Such a
PlugIn must conform to the _Bonsai Writer Plugin Interface Specification_, which
will be released shortly. Every developer gets the possibility to develop a
Bonsai Writer Export PlugIn for _his_ or _her_ desired format. The end user
simply puts the plug-in into the `PlugIns` folder in the user data folder of the
Bonsai Writer application (under macOS this is e.g.
`/Users/{username}/Library/Application Support/Bonsai Writer/PlugIns/`),
restarts the application and the new export option is available via the
application menu.

## 🐞 Bug Fixes

- The "Edit" menu is now correctly translated to German.
- When dragging and dropping in lists, the display line no longer flickers.
- The cursor does not jump back when changing the width of the outline view.
- Usage of the Tab key no longer causes the focus to change to another element.

## 💅 User Interface / Design

- The metadata view is only displayed if a block is currently selected for which
  metadata can be edited; currently these are image and code block.
- The metadata view now displays the data of a selected block until another
  block or other control element in the window (e.g. the document title) becomes
  the text input target.
- The headings submenu of the block handle now opens when the user moves the
  pointer to the _Headings_ entry. Until now, an extra click was necessary for
  this.

### Presentation in the editor

- Images now have a border and are positioned left-aligned.
- Images are now scaled to a maximum size if they are too wide or too high.
- The code block title is now positioned left-aligned below the code block.
- The color and radius of the code block have been adjusted.

## 🌻 Improvements

- The performance when opening a new window has been improved.
- A file with the license texts of used modules of other developers is now
  bundled with the app.
